README.md, before:

# Project: Rock, Paper, Scissors

Use JavaScript to create a game of **Rock, Paper, Scissors** that is played entirely in the browser console.

Completed as part of the **JavaScript Basics** section of the **Foundation Course** at
[TheOdinProject](https://www.theodinproject.com).


---

## Assignment Instructions

The [task description](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-rock-paper-scissors) includes a detailed
sequence of steps. Rather than strict adherence, the applied methodology will be to attempt to work independently toward
a solution.

However, of note are the following sections:

<table>
<tr>
<td>

in **Step 3: Write the logic to get the human choice**

</td>
<td>

> - Use the prompt method to get the user’s input.
> - You do not need to handle re-prompting if the user enters an invalid input ... just assume the user will always enter a valid choice.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

in **Step 4: Declare the players score variables**


</td>
<td>

> - The game will keep track of the players score.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

in **Step 6: Write the logic to play the entire game**


</td>
<td>

> - The game will play 5 rounds.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

at the end in a separate section


</td>
<td>

> [!WARNING]
> When making interactive projects, like this one, you might be tempted to add more features, improve interactivity, user experience, design and styling of your website, and so on.
>
> We recommend not doing that, and saving this effort for your portfolio projects.

</td>
</tr>
</table>

## Results

*coming soon*
<!-- ![screen shot of result](./img/results.png) -->

Commit message:

docs: add results to readme
minor change to html page text

Changes to be committed:
	modified:   README.md
	modified:   index.html

README.md, after:

# Project: Rock, Paper, Scissors

Use JavaScript to create a game of **Rock, Paper, Scissors** that is played entirely in the browser console.

Completed as part of the **JavaScript Basics** section of the **Foundation Course** at
[TheOdinProject](https://www.theodinproject.com).


---

## Assignment Instructions

The [task description](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-rock-paper-scissors) includes a detailed
sequence of steps. Rather than strict adherence, the applied methodology will be to attempt to work independently toward
a solution.

However, of note are the following sections:

<table>
<tr>
<td>

in **Step 3: Write the logic to get the human choice**

</td>
<td>

> - Use the prompt method to get the user’s input.
> - You do not need to handle re-prompting if the user enters an invalid input ... just assume the user will always enter a valid choice.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

in **Step 4: Declare the players score variables**


</td>
<td>

> - The game will keep track of the players score.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

in **Step 6: Write the logic to play the entire game**


</td>
<td>

> - The game will play 5 rounds.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

at the end in a separate section


</td>
<td>

> [!WARNING]
> When making interactive projects, like this one, you might be tempted to add more features, improve interactivity, user experience, design and styling of your website, and so on.
>
> We recommend not doing that, and saving this effort for your portfolio projects.

</td>
</tr>
</table>

## Results

Final page can be viewed live [here &rArr;](https://odinprojectassignmentsbypw80.github.io/javascript-basics_project-rps/). The prompts will start before you have a chance to open the console, however, pressing <kbd>F12</kbd> still works.

![screen shot of result](./img/results.png)
